README.md, before:

# Deer Tracker FrontEnd - PWA NextJS and ReactJS

## Initial Local Setup

After cloning this repo, run the following commands

```bash
npm install --global yarn
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
yarn install
```

## Run the App Locally

### Run Local Host

You must build and then run the app afterwards. Building well help run the app quicker by caching and synchronize files. Simple run these two commands when you want to run localhost

```bash
yarn dev
```

### Connect Camera with Ngrok

Pick your OS and download ngrok first [here](https://ngrok.com/download).
Once downloaded, run ngrok.exe

Inside the terminal after you run ngrok.exe and enter this command

```bash
ngrok config add-authtoken {CHECK #deer-local-setup IN DISCORD AND ADD AUTH TOKEN HERE}
```

Do not include brackets in the command

Run this command in the folder that has ngrok.exe
By default its in the folder that you extracted the zip when you downloaded it

```bash
ngrok http 3000
```

On your phone join the link you see on the command prompt next to `Forwarding`

Once you enter that link in your phone's browser you will be able to see local host

## Linter

### Running the linter

Here is the command to run the linter:

```bash
yarn lint
```

Running the linter locally is not required since the pipeline will do this automatically for you.

### Let linter format simple things in your code for you

However if you want the lint to fix simple issues for you, run this command.

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

## How to create and import your own deer model

Follow these steps below to export your own model

1. To create a model visit [here](https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/train/image)

2. Rename the first class to "Deer", and the second to "Background"

3. Upload all images in the "new" folder to the deer class, and all images in the "background" folder to the background class. Link to [repo](https://github.com/malabudi/DeerPics)

4. Train the model (Only adjust the number of Epochs and make sure the trend for loss is negative, while accuracy is postive, start at 10 Epochs) 

5. Export the Tensorflow.js model and download the zip file. Move the contents of the three files within the zip into the deer-model folder

Commit message:

imported the deer model from roboflow API

README.md, after:

# Deer Tracker FrontEnd - PWA NextJS and ReactJS

## Initial Local Setup

After cloning this repo, run the following commands

```bash
npm install --global yarn
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
yarn install
```

## Run the App Locally

### Run Local Host

You must build and then run the app afterwards. Building well help run the app quicker by caching and synchronize files. Simple run these two commands when you want to run localhost

```bash
yarn dev
```

### Connect Camera with Ngrok

Pick your OS and download ngrok first [here](https://ngrok.com/download).
Once downloaded, run ngrok.exe

Inside the terminal after you run ngrok.exe and enter this command

```bash
ngrok config add-authtoken {CHECK #deer-local-setup IN DISCORD AND ADD AUTH TOKEN HERE}
```

Do not include brackets in the command

Run this command in the folder that has ngrok.exe
By default its in the folder that you extracted the zip when you downloaded it

```bash
ngrok http 3000
```

On your phone join the link you see on the command prompt next to `Forwarding`

Once you enter that link in your phone's browser you will be able to see local host

## Linter

### Running the linter

Here is the command to run the linter:

```bash
yarn lint
```

Running the linter locally is not required since the pipeline will do this automatically for you.

### Let linter format simple things in your code for you

However if you want the lint to fix simple issues for you, run this command.

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

## Envrionment Variables
Please refer to our private chat for what environment variables should be stored.
